deployment/README.md, before:

# Deployment

## Deploy MySQL

```text
kubectl apply -f mysql-secret.yaml,mysql-storage.yaml,mysql-deployment.yaml
```

## Connect to MySQL

List pods

```text
kubectl get pods
```

Connect to MySQL's stdin

```text
kubectl exec --stdin --tty <mysql pod name> -- /bin/bash
```

Login to MySQL in console

```text
mysql -p
then enter password
```

Forward mySQL port to be able to connect to it from outside (for debug purposes).
Port to forward should be taken from the mySQL Kubernetes deployment yaml.

```text
kubectl port-forward service/mysql 3306
```

Take forwarded port from the command output:

```text
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:3306 -> 3306
Forwarding from [::1]:3306 -> 3306
```

Install mysql shell on your Windows machine using winget from PowerShell or from [dev.mysql.com](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/shell/)

Connect to MySQL port-forwarded instance

```text
\connect mysql://root@localhost:3306
```

In Shell, switch to SQL mode and use SQL syntax like 'SHOW DATABASES'

```text
 MySQL  localhost:3306  JS > \sql

 MySQL  localhost:3306  SQL > SHOW DATABASES;
+--------------------+
| Database           |
+--------------------+
| information_schema |
| books              |
| mysql              |
| performance_schema |
| testDB             |
+--------------------+
```
## Deploy BookRegistry Service

This section is TBD.

Commit message:

Added new LibraryService (#2)
* Created BookRegistryService and first two methods

* added delete and patch methods

* added book-registry-deployment-yaml

* bookregistry deployed

* readme added

* updated deployment readme

* updated deployment readme

* added getBookDetailsByIsbn and getAllBooks methods

* Minor changes in methods

* added new LibraryService

deployment/README.md, after:

# Deployment

## Deploy MySQL

```text
kubectl apply -f mysql-secret.yaml,mysql-storage.yaml,mysql-deployment.yaml
```

## Connect to MySQL

List pods

```text
kubectl get pods
```

Connect to MySQL's stdin

```text
kubectl exec --stdin --tty <mysql pod name> -- /bin/bash
```

Login to MySQL in console

```text
mysql -p
then enter password
```

Forward mySQL port to be able to connect to it from outside (for debug purposes).
Port to forward should be taken from the mySQL Kubernetes deployment yaml.

```text
kubectl port-forward service/mysql 3306
```

Take forwarded port from the command output:

```text
Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:3306 -> 3306
Forwarding from [::1]:3306 -> 3306
```

Install mysql shell on your Windows machine using winget from PowerShell or from [dev.mysql.com](https://dev.mysql.com/downloads/shell/)

Connect to MySQL port-forwarded instance

```text
\connect mysql://root@localhost:3306
```

In Shell, switch to SQL mode and use SQL syntax like 'SHOW DATABASES'

```text
 MySQL  localhost:3306  JS > \sql

 MySQL  localhost:3306  SQL > SHOW DATABASES;
+--------------------+
| Database           |
+--------------------+
| information_schema |
| books              |
| mysql              |
| performance_schema |
| testDB             |
+--------------------+
```

## Build docker image and Deploy BookRegistry Service

```text
docker build -t bookregistryservice .
```
Run book registry service
```text
kubectl apply -f book-registry-deployment.yaml
```
Make sure that pod is running
```text
kubectl get pods
```
Forward service port to be able to connect to the service
```text
kubectl port-forward service/book-registry 8080
```
=======
## Deploy BookRegistry Service
